Build system updates (#316)
ORNL/ReSolve: README.md

You can find default Cmake Configurations in the CMakePresets.json file, which allows for easy switching between different CMake Configs. To create your own CMake Configuration we encourage you to utlize a CmakeUserPresets.json file. To learn more about cmake-presets please checkout the cmake [docs](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake-presets.7.html) 

> For example if you wanted to build and install ReSolve on a High Performance Computing Cluster such as PNNL's Deception or ORNL's Frontier we encourage you to utilize our cluster preset. Using this preset will set CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX to an install folder. To use this preset simply call the preset flag in the cmake build step. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example if you wanted to build and install Re::Solve on a High Performance Computing Cluster such as PNNL's Deception or ORNL's Frontier we encourage you to utilize our cluster preset. Using this preset will set CMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX to an install folder. To use this preset simply call the preset flag in the CMake build step. 
```
